README.md, before:

# AdFly-Bot

![Made with Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-python-0.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&logo=python&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)
![Made with Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-bash-0.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&style=for-the-badge&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPHN2ZyB2ZXJzaW9uPSIxIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIj48cGF0aCBkPSJNNTEyIDI1NmEyNTUgMjU1IDAgMCAxLTI4IDExNyAyNDkgMjQ5IDAgMCAxLTczIDg3IDI1NiAyNTYgMCAwIDEtODkgNDMgMjQ4IDI0OCAwIDAgMS0xMDYgNkEyNTMgMjUzIDAgMCAxIDI1IDM2N2EyNTYgMjU2IDAgMSAxIDQ4Ny0xMTF6IiBmaWxsPSIjZjJmMmYyIi8%2BPGcgZmlsbD0iIzJkM2EzZSI%2BPHBhdGggZD0iTTQ0NSA0MjVsLTE0NCA4MyAyMS01YzEyLTMgMjItNiAzMy0xMWw1Ni0zMmEyNTggMjU4IDAgMCAwIDQyLTQxbC04IDZ6bTctMzAyTDI5NiAzM2E3NyA3NyAwIDAgMC03NiAwTDY0IDEyM2E3NyA3NyAwIDAgMC0zOSA2N3YxNzdjMTYgMzMgMzkgNjIgNjcgODVsNzcgNDVjMTUgNSAzMSA5IDQ3IDEyTDcwIDQyNWE2NCA2NCAwIDAgMS0zMS01NVYxOTBjMC0yMyAxMi00NCAzMS01NWwxNTYtOTBhNjMgNjMgMCAwIDEgNjQgMGwxNTUgOTBhNjQgNjQgMCAwIDEgMzIgNTV2MTgwYzAgNy0xIDE1LTQgMjJsMTEtMTkgNi0xNFYxOTBjMC0yNy0xNC01My0zOC02N3oiLz48cGF0aCBkPSJNNDg0IDE5MHYxODNhMjQ5IDI0OSAwIDAgMS00NyA2NGwtMTE1IDY2YTI0OCAyNDggMCAwIDEtNzEgOWwtMi0xMVYzMjFjMC0yNSAxMy00OCAzNS02MWwxNTYtOTAgOC00YTI2IDI2IDAgMCAxIDM2IDI0eiIvPjwvZz48cGF0aCBkPSJNMzQ4IDM4NWMwLTE4LTE2LTE4LTI0LTE4cy0xMy0zLTEzLTExIDEwLTIwIDI4LTE3bDctMThzLTgtMS0xOCAxdi0xN2wtMTUgOXYxNWMtOSA2LTE3IDE5LTE3IDQxIDAgMTAgNSAyMCAyMiAyMCAxNiAwIDE3IDE1IDggMjMtOSA5LTI5IDktMjkgOWwtMiAyMHM4IDAgMTgtM3YxN2wxNS05di0xNWMxMS04IDIxLTIyIDIwLTQ3eiIgZmlsbD0iI2ZmZiIvPjxwYXRoIGZpbGw9IiMzMWI2NDQiIGQ9Ik00MTMgNDA5bC00MyAyOXYtMTZsNDMtMjh6Ii8%2BPC9zdmc%2B)
![Made with Batch](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-batch-0.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&style=for-the-badge)

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/DeBos99.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)

![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=10aa10&labelColor=30ff30&style=for-the-badge)

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=NH8JV53DSVDMY)

**AdFly-Bot** is bot created for [adf.ly](https://adf.ly/) website.

## Content

- [Content](#content)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Windows](#Prerequisites-Windows)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Windows](#Installation-Windows)
  - [Linux & MacOS](#Linux&MacOS)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Required arguments](#required-arguments)
  - [Optional arguments](#optional-arguments)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [License](#license)

## Prerequisites

### <a name="Prerequisites-Windows">Windows

Install **Google Chrome Browser**: https://www.google.com/chrome/

Download **ChromeDriver** and move the executable to folder in your **PATH**: http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads

Or

Install **Mozilla Firefox Browser**: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/

Download **geckodriver**, unzip and move the executable to folder in your **PATH**: https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases

## Installation

### <a name="Installation-Windows">Windows

Install Python: https://www.python.org/downloads/

```
git clone "https://github.com/DeBos99/adfly-bot.git"
cd adfly-bot
install.bat
cd ..
```

### <a name="Linux&MacOS">Linux & MacOS

```
git clone "https://github.com/DeBos99/adfly-bot.git"
cd adfly-bot
./install.sh
cd ..
```

## Usage

`python main.py ARGUMENTS`

## Documentation

### Required arguments

| Argument              | Description                                    |
| :---                  | :---                                           |
| -u URL<br>--url URL   | Sets the url of video to **URL**.              |
| -u PATH<br>--url PATH | Sets the path to the list of urls to **PATH**. |

### Optional arguments

| Argument                        | Description                                           | Default value                  |
| :---                            | :---                                                  | :---                           |
| -h<br>--help                    | Shows help message.                                   |                                |
| -t T<br>--threads T             | Sets the number of threads to **T**.                  | 15                             |
| -p PATH<br>--proxies PATH       | Sets the path to the list of proxies to **PATH**.     | Proxies list from internet.    |
| -dr DRIVER<br>--driver DRIVER   | Sets the webdriver to **DRIVER**.                     | Chrome.                        |
| -hd<br>--headless               | Sets the webdriver as headless.                       | False.                         |

## Disclaimer

**AdFly-Bot** was created for educational purposes and I'm not taking responsibility for any of your actions.

## Authors

* **Michał Wróblewski** - Main Developer - [DeBos99](https://github.com/DeBos99)

## Contact

Discord: DeBos#3292

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Add changeable user agent support

README.md, after:

# AdFly-Bot

![Made with Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-python-0.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&logo=python&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)
![Made with Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-bash-0.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&style=for-the-badge&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPHN2ZyB2ZXJzaW9uPSIxIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIj48cGF0aCBkPSJNNTEyIDI1NmEyNTUgMjU1IDAgMCAxLTI4IDExNyAyNDkgMjQ5IDAgMCAxLTczIDg3IDI1NiAyNTYgMCAwIDEtODkgNDMgMjQ4IDI0OCAwIDAgMS0xMDYgNkEyNTMgMjUzIDAgMCAxIDI1IDM2N2EyNTYgMjU2IDAgMSAxIDQ4Ny0xMTF6IiBmaWxsPSIjZjJmMmYyIi8%2BPGcgZmlsbD0iIzJkM2EzZSI%2BPHBhdGggZD0iTTQ0NSA0MjVsLTE0NCA4MyAyMS01YzEyLTMgMjItNiAzMy0xMWw1Ni0zMmEyNTggMjU4IDAgMCAwIDQyLTQxbC04IDZ6bTctMzAyTDI5NiAzM2E3NyA3NyAwIDAgMC03NiAwTDY0IDEyM2E3NyA3NyAwIDAgMC0zOSA2N3YxNzdjMTYgMzMgMzkgNjIgNjcgODVsNzcgNDVjMTUgNSAzMSA5IDQ3IDEyTDcwIDQyNWE2NCA2NCAwIDAgMS0zMS01NVYxOTBjMC0yMyAxMi00NCAzMS01NWwxNTYtOTBhNjMgNjMgMCAwIDEgNjQgMGwxNTUgOTBhNjQgNjQgMCAwIDEgMzIgNTV2MTgwYzAgNy0xIDE1LTQgMjJsMTEtMTkgNi0xNFYxOTBjMC0yNy0xNC01My0zOC02N3oiLz48cGF0aCBkPSJNNDg0IDE5MHYxODNhMjQ5IDI0OSAwIDAgMS00NyA2NGwtMTE1IDY2YTI0OCAyNDggMCAwIDEtNzEgOWwtMi0xMVYzMjFjMC0yNSAxMy00OCAzNS02MWwxNTYtOTAgOC00YTI2IDI2IDAgMCAxIDM2IDI0eiIvPjwvZz48cGF0aCBkPSJNMzQ4IDM4NWMwLTE4LTE2LTE4LTI0LTE4cy0xMy0zLTEzLTExIDEwLTIwIDI4LTE3bDctMThzLTgtMS0xOCAxdi0xN2wtMTUgOXYxNWMtOSA2LTE3IDE5LTE3IDQxIDAgMTAgNSAyMCAyMiAyMCAxNiAwIDE3IDE1IDggMjMtOSA5LTI5IDktMjkgOWwtMiAyMHM4IDAgMTgtM3YxN2wxNS05di0xNWMxMS04IDIxLTIyIDIwLTQ3eiIgZmlsbD0iI2ZmZiIvPjxwYXRoIGZpbGw9IiMzMWI2NDQiIGQ9Ik00MTMgNDA5bC00MyAyOXYtMTZsNDMtMjh6Ii8%2BPC9zdmc%2B)
![Made with Batch](https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-batch-0.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&style=for-the-badge)

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/DeBos99.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=2020cc&labelColor=5050ff&style=for-the-badge)

![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=ffaa00&labelColor=ffaa30&style=for-the-badge)

![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=cc2020&labelColor=ff3030&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/DeBos99/adfly-bot.svg?color=10aa10&labelColor=30ff30&style=for-the-badge)

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=NH8JV53DSVDMY)

**AdFly-Bot** is bot created for [adf.ly](https://adf.ly/) website.

## Content

- [Content](#content)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Windows](#Prerequisites-Windows)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Windows](#Installation-Windows)
  - [Linux & MacOS](#Linux&MacOS)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Required arguments](#required-arguments)
  - [Optional arguments](#optional-arguments)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [License](#license)

## Prerequisites

### <a name="Prerequisites-Windows">Windows

Install **Google Chrome Browser**: https://www.google.com/chrome/

Download **ChromeDriver** and move the executable to folder in your **PATH**: http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads

Or

Install **Mozilla Firefox Browser**: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/

Download **geckodriver**, unzip and move the executable to folder in your **PATH**: https://github.com/mozilla/geckodriver/releases

## Installation

### <a name="Installation-Windows">Windows

Install Python: https://www.python.org/downloads/

```
git clone "https://github.com/DeBos99/adfly-bot.git"
cd adfly-bot
install.bat
cd ..
```

### <a name="Linux&MacOS">Linux & MacOS

```
git clone "https://github.com/DeBos99/adfly-bot.git"
cd adfly-bot
./install.sh
cd ..
```

## Usage

`python main.py ARGUMENTS`

## Documentation

### Required arguments

| Argument              | Description                                    |
| :---                  | :---                                           |
| -u URL<br>--url URL   | Sets the url of video to **URL**.              |
| -u PATH<br>--url PATH | Sets the path to the list of urls to **PATH**. |

### Optional arguments

| Argument                        | Description                                           | Default value                  |
| :---                            | :---                                                  | :---                           |
| -h<br>--help                    | Shows help message.                                   |                                |
| -t T<br>--threads T             | Sets the number of threads to **T**.                  | 15                             |
| -p PATH<br>--proxies PATH       | Sets the path to the list of proxies to **PATH**.     | Proxies list from internet.    |
| -us AGENT<br>--user-agent AGENT | Sets the user agent to **AGENT**.                     | Randomly generated user agent. |
| -us PATH<br>--user-agent PATH   | Sets the path to the list of user agents to **PATH**. |                                |
| -dr DRIVER<br>--driver DRIVER   | Sets the webdriver to **DRIVER**.                     | Chrome.                        |
| -hd<br>--headless               | Sets the webdriver as headless.                       | False.                         |

## Disclaimer

**AdFly-Bot** was created for educational purposes and I'm not taking responsibility for any of your actions.

## Authors

* **Michał Wróblewski** - Main Developer - [DeBos99](https://github.com/DeBos99)

## Contact

Discord: DeBos#3292

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
